# What is VSwipe?

VSwipe is an app my team and I created together and was able to place 2nd at Nuvo Network's hackathon, HackTheNu. VSwipe is a simple and intuitive solution to the underrepresentation of youth in community volunteering. Our app's edge is derived from influential apps that are popular among young people - specifically Tinder and bumble. 

VSwipe has a UI/UX that is similar to that of Tinder's but is unique in its implementation. Our team member, Emmanuel built a proprietary web scraping script that can be programmed to scrape websites in a specific location which was Hamilton in our case. All the postings contained in our prototype are genuine, current volunteer opportunities available in Hamilton that you can apply to right now. This web scraping script can be automated to constantly add and remove jobs if necessary. This script parses and then outputs the data to a JSON array – hosted on a web API that VConnect pulls from to populate the ‘volunteer cards’ which the end-user can swipe left or right on.

My role was to work on the front-end of the app alongside with Davian. I created the swiping animation along with functioning buttons to either save or discard the volunteer opportunities displayed. This required me to create a simple UI in order to get a feel for the application I created. Mais is the one who created a beautiful design prototype of the mobile version of the app that would be used. While we have the mobile app design prototype, we focused on having a responsive web app to finish within the confines of this hackathon. 
